K8s docs etcd updates (#12926)
canonical/ubuntu.com: templates/kubernetes/docs/backups.md

This page shows how to backup and restore the etcd included in
**Charmed Kubernetes**.

Backing up application specific data, normally stored in a persistent volume, is not currently supported
by native Kubernetes. Various third party solutions are available - please refer to their own
documentation for details.

## Creating an **etcd** snapshot

<div class="p-notification--caution is-inline">
  <div markdown="1" class="p-notification__content">
    <span class="p-notification__title">Warning:</span>

>     <p class="p-notification__message">Snapshots can only be restored on the **same major version of etcd**.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p class="p-notification__message">Snapshots can only be restored on the <em>same major version of etc</em>.</p>
```
This is not rendered as markdown so needs to use html tags
